For this exercise, you are using the Microsoft Security Resource Center, MSRC.
This is a one-stop shop for all information
about Microsoft patches, updates, and vulnerability.
You can go to their website and read their Security Guide FAQ.
From the MSRC, Security Update Guide FAQ,
you'll learn that Microsoft schedules the release of security patches on Patch Tuesday,
the second Tuesday of every month at about 10:00 AM Pacific time.
Microsoft also sends out a notification whenever there's
a material information that affects its customers security.
You can see the other types of questions,
you can get answered through the Microsoft Update Guide FAQ.
Let's go back to their main page.
Going back to their main page,
you see their security update guide,
which contains all of the information about recent notifications and patches.
For example, you see the May 2020 Security Updates.
You can read all what they patched.
Same thing with the April patch updates.
You see the list of all of the different updates and the articles associated with
each and even the CVE details that you learned about earlier.
You can equate this patch with subsequent risk based on the CVE score.
So let's take a look at one of these.
When you click on it,
you go into the details of the KB article,
the knowledge base, describe specifically what Microsoft has patched with this.
You can understand the severity of the patch and
then the highlights of what this patch will fix.
For example, with this one, updating,
verifying the user names and passwords,
improving security when you're using Windows performs basic operations.
In other words, this is a patch that needs to be applied.
If you ever need information about a Microsoft patch,
now you know, to go to the Microsoft Security Resource Center.